{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red109\green109\blue109;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11300\viewh8380\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Blurbs\
\
\
Medical App\
\
An iPhone app designed along 
\f1 \cf2 a stroke SPR. It is designed for doctors and clinical healthcare professionals to provide information on a range of medical information. The split screen UX intends to make navigation faster for users who will need quick access in the fast paced medical environment. There are calculators installed that can work diagnoses depending on input. Finalised App will be released later this year.\
\
Rosie's Cakery\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 Branding for a south london cake making company. Website layout designed to show each cake in its purest form whilst giving the brand image. Bag designs for cake boxes, made to fit all box sizes. The brand shows a home crafted feel ethic yet keeping to a classic identity which is reflected in the imaginative and high quality production to the cakes.\
\
iCare\
\
A campaign for a new healthcare system the will be introduced to a select few South London hospitals in the coming year. The campaign is aimed at both patients and staff. Staff: to remind them to book their training\
 courses for the system.\
Patients: to make them aware that their appointment might takes longer than usual as staff are getting used to the new system.\
\
See it, Raise it, Fix it\
\
A campaign for Lewisham and Greenwich NHS in partnership with Unison and RCN. We were asked to produce a campaign that promotes whistle blowing within the hospital. Our solution was to create characters which breaks down the process of how to go about reporting a problem. We decided to go with a light hearted approach\
 by creating playful characters to make raising issues less daunting.\
\
Circle of life\
\
A family tree created in memory of my grandparents. With such a large family, I have used colour coding to distinguish each child of my grandparents and there offspring. Working clockwise, the family members or in age order on each ring.\
\
\
Light Mapping.\
\
The road is famous for its diverse culture. There is a large population of indian/hindu people who live and have business around the area. Every Diwali, lights are installed all down Belgrave road. This map shows how much light exposed down each section of the road sure the festivities in 2008. Data was recorded using a light meter on a digital SLR camera.\
\
}